This product includes source derived from 'go' by The Go Authors, distributed
under the following BSD license:

	https://github.com/golang/go/blob/master/LICENSE

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

New Relic Pre-Release Program Terms

These terms apply to the associated software. By downloading or installing the
software, you signify that you have read, understood, and accept these terms
(the “Agreement”) governing your participation in New Relic’s program for making
beta and pre-release versions of its software, services, and features available
for testing and evaluation purposes (the “Pre-Release Program”). This Agreement
is entered into by and between New Relic, Inc. (“New Relic”) and you on behalf
of yourself or the entity associated with your New Relic account (collectively
referred to herein as “you” or “your,”) as of the date you download the
applicable software (the “Effective Date”). You represent and warrant that you
have the legal authority to enter into this Agreement personally or on behalf of
the company or organization associated with your New Relic account and such
Agreement shall be valid and binding on such company or organization (“Eligible
Organizations”).

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OR CANNOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF
AN ELIGIBLE ORGANIZATION, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE AND/OR BETA SERVICE.

1. Introduction.

The Pre-Release Program enables you to test experimental features and products
before they are made generally available. New Relic reserves the right to
withhold or discontinue any software, features, and/or related materials which
are designated as a beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, technology
preview, non-production, evaluation, or by a similar description (each, a “Beta
Service” and collectively the “Beta Services”) in its sole discretion and
provides no guarantee that any Beta Service will eventually be made commercially
or generally available.

Beta Services are pre-release versions and may have bugs, stability issues, or
other problems. Use of the Beta Services may result in unexpected results, loss
of data, outages, or other damage to your systems or networks. New Relic advises
against using the Beta Services in production. No support is offered with or for
Beta Services. Beta Services are provided “AS IS” and you hereby release New
Relic from any liability arising from or related to your use of the Beta
Services. NEW RELIC MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT BETA SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR
REQUIREMENTS OR WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY,
OR SECURE. NEW RELIC DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE
BETA SERVICES. YOUR USE OF BETA SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.

2. Rights and Restrictions.

2.1 Evaluation License. Subject to your compliance with the Agreement, New Relic
hereby grants you a limited, nonexclusive, non-transferable, revocable license,
during the applicable Beta Period (defined below), to use the Beta Service(s)
solely for the purpose of internal evaluation and supplying Feedback to New
Relic.

2.2 License Restrictions. The rights granted herein are subject to the following
restrictions: You may not (and may not authorize or enable a third party to):
(i) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to discover
source code or other trade secrets in the Beta Services; (ii) access the Beta
Services in order to build a similar or competitive application, service,
feature or other competitive purpose; (iii) remove or destroy any copyright
notices or other proprietary marks contained on or in the Beta Services; (iv)
use the Beta Services for any benchmarking purposes or in connection with a
service bureau, timeshare, service provider, or like activity where you operate
the Beta Services on behalf of a third party; (v) mirror, frame, copy, modify,
host, rent, lease, sell, commercialize, sublicense, assign or otherwise transfer
the Beta Services, use of the Beta Services, or access to the Beta Services;
(vi) use the Beta Services in a manner that may violate or infringe the
intellectual property, data protection, or other proprietary right of a third
party; (vii) use or access the Beta Services in an unauthorized manner and/or in
a manner that violates any applicable law, rule, contract, or guideline
(including but not limited to our Community Guidelines); (viii) use the Beta
Services to transmit worms, viruses, malicious code, security vulnerabilities,
or otherwise negatively impact network operations, third parties, or New Relic;
(ix) use any data mining or similar data gathering and extraction methods in
connection with the Beta Services; (x) use the Beta Services to process
sensitive personal information, e.g., “personal information” of children as
defined by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, “protected health
information” as defined by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability
Act of 1996, government issued identification numbers, financial account
information, payment card data, “special categories of data” as described in
Article 8 of EU Directive 95/46/EC, or other information subject to regulatory,
statutory, or contractual restrictions. New Relic reserves the right, but not
the obligation, to monitor or review your use of the Beta Services at any time
and may investigate any suspected violations of this Agreement.

2.3 Intellectual Property Rights. You acknowledge and agree that, as between you
and New Relic, New Relic owns all right, title, and interest in and to the Beta
Services, Confidential Information, and Feedback, including but not limited to
all intellectual property and proprietary rights therein. New Relic and its
licensors reserve all rights and licenses not expressly granted herein. Software
included in a Beta Service may be governed by an open source license; if there
is a conflict between those terms and this Agreement, those terms shall govern
for that software.

2.4 Feedback. As a participant in the Pre-Release Program, you may provide
feedback, comments, and/or suggestions based on or relating to the Beta Services
(“Feedback”). You acknowledge and agree that all Feedback will be the sole and
exclusive property of New Relic. You hereby irrevocably transfer and assign to
New Relic all right, title, and interest in all Feedback, including but not
limited to all intellectual property and proprietary rights therein. At New
Relic’s request and expense, you agree to execute documents and take such
further acts as New Relic may reasonably request to assist New Relic to acquire,
perfect, and maintain such rights in the Feedback.

3. Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” includes the Beta
Services and any related non-public information, including without limitation
features, functionality, designs, user interface, capabilities, specifications,
architectural diagrams, usage data, APIs, deployment schedules, email lists, bug
databases, know how, source code, potential features, Feedback, and information
related to any business or technical information of New Relic, including without
limitation product plans, costs, prices, finances, marketing plans, business
opportunities, research, development, negotiations. You will not use or disclose
any Confidential Information, except as necessary for the performance of this
Agreement, and you will use reasonable efforts to protect Confidential
Information from unauthorized use or disclosure. You may disclose Confidential
Information only to those employees with a bona fide need to know, provided that
each employee has signed a written agreement with nondisclosure restrictions at
least as protective of the Confidential Information as those set forth herein.
For the purposes of this section, information will not be deemed Confidential
Information if it (a) is or becomes generally known to the public through no
fault or breach of this Agreement; (b) is rightfully known by you at the time of
disclosure without an obligation of confidentiality; (c) is independently
developed by you without access to or use of the Confidential Information; or
(d) is rightfully obtained by you from a third party without restriction on use
or disclosure. Upon New Relic’s request, you agree to return all Confidential
Information to New Relic. You also agree to destroy all version of the
Confidential Information in your possession within 30 days of New Relic’s
commercial release of the applicable Beta Service or immediately upon
termination of this Agreement.

4. Disclaimers & Acknowledgement

4.1 Warranty Disclaimers. You acknowledge that Beta Services are provided “AS
IS.” TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEW RELIC DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES
REGARDING MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
SECURITY, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF THE COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF
TRADE.

4.2 Acknowledgement of Beta Services. You acknowledge and agree that (a) the
Beta Service is not an official product and has not been commercially released
for sale by New Relic; (b) the Beta Service may not operate properly, be in
final form, or fully function; (c) the Beta Service may contain errors, design
flaws, security vulnerabilities, or other problems; (d) it may not be possible
to make the Beta Service fully functional or secure; (e) the information
obtained using the Beta Services may not be accurate; (f) use of the Beta
Service may result in unexpected results, vulnerabilities, loss of data, project
delays, or other unpredictable damage or loss; (g) New Relic is under no
obligation to release a commercial or generally available version of the Beta
Service; and (h) New Relic has the right unilaterally to abandon development of
the Beta Service at ay time and without any obligation or liability to you.

4.3 Your Data. You acknowledge and agree that you should not rely on the Beta
Service for any reason. You further acknowledge and agree that you are solely
responsible for maintaining and protecting all data and information that is
stored, retrieved, or otherwise processed by the Beta Service in accordance with
your contractual obligations and requirements under applicable law. Without
limiting the foregoing, you are responsible for all costs and expenses required
to backup and restore any data and information that is lost or corrupted as a
result of your use of the Beta Services. You understand and agree that your Data
may be transferred to the United States for storage, processing, and use by New
Relic to provide the Beta Services. For any data that you process using the Beta
Services, you represent and warrant that you have all necessary rights and
consent to do so. New Relic has no obligation to store any data you process
using the Beta Services and shall have no liability for the deletion or accuracy
of such data.

5. Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO
EVENT WILL NEW RELIC BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY
KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR
PROFITS) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE INSTALLATION, USE, OR INABILITY TO USE THE BETA SERVICES OR FOR ANY
ERROR OR DEFECT IN THE BETA SERVICES, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY ARISES FROM A CLAIM
BASED UPON CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR
OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT NEW RELIC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES. THE PARTIES HAVE AGREED THAT THESE LIMITATIONS WILL
SURVIVE AND APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY SPECIFIED IN THIS AGREEMENT IS
FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

6. Indemnity. You agree to indemnify and hold New Relic, its parents,
subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, and licensors harmless
from any claims, fees, fines, demands, losses, liabilities, damages, and costs,
including reasonable attorney’s fees, arising from or related to your use of the
Beta Services or Pre-Release Program, including but not limited to allegations
arising from your breach of any terms herein and/or allegations that data
processed by the Beta Services violates or infringes the privacy, data
protection, or intellectual property rights of a third party.

7. Export Restrictions. You acknowledge that the software in the Beta Services
licensed hereunder may be subject to the export control laws and regulations of
the U.S. and other countries. You agree that you will not export or re-export
the Beta Service, any part thereof, or any process or service that is the direct
product of the Beta Service to any country, person or entity subject to U.S.
export restrictions.

8. Term and Termination. This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date
and shall remain in effect until terminated by New Relic. The start date and end
date of availability for any particular Beta Service (the “Beta Period”) shall
be determined at the sole discretion of New Relic. The license granted in
Section 2.1 with respect to a particular Beta Service shall terminate upon the
earliest of: (i) New Relic making the Beta Service or a successor version of the
Beta Service generally available or available for commercial release, (ii) New
Relic ceasing to make the Beta Service available to you, or (iii) New Relic
terminating this Agreement. New Relic may terminate this Agreement for any
reason upon notice to you. Sections 2.3, 2.4, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8 and 9 will survive
any termination or expiration of this Agreement.

9. General. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with
the laws of the State of California. The parties expressly agree that the United
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not
apply. Any legal action or proceeding arising under this Agreement, will be
brought exclusively in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco
County, California and the parties hereby irrevocably consent to the personal
jurisdiction and venue. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision will be
construed so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permissible by law, and
the remaining provisions of the Agreement will remain in full force and effect.
You may not assign this Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, without the
prior written consent of New Relic. Any attempted assignment without such
consent will be void and of no effect. Your obligations under this Agreement
shall survive termination of the Agreement and shall be binding upon your
agents, representatives, heirs, successors and assigns. All notices or reports
to New Relic as permitted or required under this Agreement shall be in writing
and must be received at New Relic Inc., 188 Spear Street, Suite 1200, ATTN:
General Counsel, San Francisco, CA 95105, USA by personal delivery or by
certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and shall be deemed
given upon personal delivery to or if sent by certified or registered mail,
three (3) days after the date of mailing. All notices or reports to you shall be
delivered by posting a notice, message, banner, or other form of alert to your
New Relic account, by email, or by facsimile transmission. This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject
matter hereof, and supersedes any and all prior agreements, communications and
understandings (both written and oral) regarding such subject matter. For
clarity, in the event of any inconsistency, conflict, or ambiguity between this
Agreement and any other contract agreement between the parties, as it relates to
Beta Services and/or the Pre-Release Program, this Agreement shall govern.
